Add popovers for tutorial.


Implement max-download speed, like 2mb/second until you can get the upgrade.



Variable internet speed, slow change over time, perlin noise or something.




Download software and hardware until you reach the max download speed, and it takes way too long to do anything, then sell everything, and do it again.


Choose Mac or Windows when you start!

Start with $1030




Mac OSX,

- built in virus protection, if you take a computer class for $12, 
- lifespan ~8 years, 
- 32 mb of storage

Windows, 

- You have to buy virus protection for $400, 
- lifespan ~4 years
- 64 mb of storage






Mechanisms:
------------------------

Downloading upgrades makes your internet a bit slower, dividing the max speed between the number of downloads.

You have 4 downloads and your max speed is 4mb/s, that would be 1mb per download.

As time goes by and you upgrade software, it becomes harder to upgrade things, because the file size gets bigger, and doubles every year.


As your computer gets older, it gets slower and slower.



Software:

Every month, new software updates comes out, and you can download it.

Every year, new software upgrades come out, to the next version. The size of the upgrades doubles every year.


1 month / day

a base maximum of 5 mb/ per hour

Research: 

Research uses Electricity, if it's running. You can have a maximum of 3 research projects at a time. Each research has a chance to unlock new computer features, such as intel processors.

In other words, by playing the game you're not only seeing the history, you're interacting with it.








New Features:
----------------------





Software:

Netscape, increases research speeds slightly (up to powerbook g4)

Mac OS 9.2/Windows 2000 (start with a max either 216 kb/s or 300 kb/s)

StackOverflow (requires Mac OSX Snow Leopard or Window) uses 

Google Chrome, speeds up research slightly (requires powerbook g4 or later)

AdBlock (requires)




Hardware

Computers: Macbook ($1000), Dell PC ($400)


Dialup Connection 
- $1/month
- 

Wi-fi (requires MacBook Pro or higher)

Fans speeds up your computer slightly.


Research:

Illegal piracy, lets you download extra software (unlocks new software)

Salvaging, lets you take old hardware

Computer class 1, adds virus protection (you learn what a virus looks like)

Computer class 2, lets you use 2 computers to download things.

Cloud, lets you keep some software updates when you sell your computer


Are you sure you want to sell your computer? All of your software will be lost.
Are you sure you want to sell your computer? Most of your software will be lost. (if Cloud)

You get a bit of money for every research project, but at the end, just enough to cover upgrading your computer.



Scheduling:

At every interval, new software updates come out, and you have the option to install them.



Selling:








Computer versions:


1. Powerbook 100 -- IBM ThinkPad: 700C 
	14,400bits/sec, (requires ethernet)
2. IBM ThinkPad 701
	--- USB requirement for software ---
3. Powerbook G3, Pismo -- Gateway Solo 9100
4. Toshiba Portege M100 
5. MacBook Pro -- TouchSmart tx2 Notebook
















